My life has some definitions, such as prision, garden, race, luxury, and others. Some days I feel horrible and I ask to myself if I should follow my emotions. I know that, in some cases, emotions are not useful, but in others moments seems to be the right path even knowing that my perception will be influenced by emotions.
Lately I became considering more the value of my feelings and my gut, I like it, makes me feel right, and sometimes makes me work with more power and efficiency. If something makes me feel better and act better, am I doing the right thing? there's something wrong? The worst escenario is where I'm believing in things that makes me do worst in society and to myself. Am I right to believe that good and bad is relative to the goodnest to others lifes and mine? Quality of life is what am I have to questionate to get the best direction? or more importantly, is there a better way to decide what is good or bad? this feels like throwing a coin and "just the amount of varieties make my decision less acurate, I need to compare to all the other strategies that exists and that are not existing yet in other to reach the most accurate path.
I can't do that, and the pain is not worth for me. Spending my life knowing that I'm not going to get the right way and be deeply hurt by that seems to be useless.  On the other hand, I can just stop searching for the best way of living, asuming that it is not useful and it is even harmful. 
As I said earlier, I decided to trust more on my gut, memory, and emotions, I'm not searching to be always correct, I do work on being clear, and to have the best information that I can have. I do want to be close to the world, and be connected to the magical mental world. I will be more flexible from now. The main strategy that I use, is instead of handleling my worries, I will asume that there's nothing to be worried, I will not be worried about my intelligence, aperence, money, friends, nothing. There's no need to worry about things that are going to be there if I follow my heart. 
In conclusion, it is harmful to seek the best way of doing things because it does not exists, and being in this path will only bring unsatisfaction, sadness and anger. Also, freedom is the act of using my heart, and good things will happen because of it, and also bad things, but life will be better following my heart.
